So, guys, going forward.
So now let's discuss the approach to implement an iterative macro to iterate over binary Sastry.
So in order to implement a macro first, we need to write to prerequisite functions.
The first function is get leftmost.
The input to this function is a pointer to the root of the tree and this function returns.
A pointer to the node of a tree and the second function that you need to write is get next in order
successor.
So this function will take an input, a pointer to some node in a binary search tree.
And this node could be any node in the binary substrate.
And the return value of dysfunction is appointed to the node, which is an end or the successor of the
node that you passed as an argument to this function.
So basically this function returns the next in order successor of our node, which you parsed as an
argument to dysfunction.
So you can see in the example on the right hand side, we have a simple binary such tree.
So if you walk over this binary tree in an in order sequence, what will be the order of traversal of
nodes of this binary Sastry?
Of course, the first node that you will visit is the number one cellular function that is get left.
Maust is a function which will return the first node and in order traversal of a binary sastry.
So this function should actually return a pointer to the node number one of this binary such tree.
Right, because this node is the first node in in order of a binary such tree.
Now if you invoke the second function, that is cat next in order successor.
And if you pass a pointer to the node number one of this binary tree, then this function that is get
next in the successor should return a pointer to the node number five of this binary says Tree.
Right.
Similarly, again, if you invoke this function on a node five, then this function should return node
number seven of this binary search street and so on.
Right.
So this is the in order traversal of the binary s stream.
So again, it is my expectation that you know how to implement above two functions.
This is not a data structure course.
I'm sorry.
Henceforth, I assume that you have correctly implemented the above two functions.
So in order to write a macro that will iterate over this binary size three, you need to implement these
two functions first.
Right?
So, of course, I will going to share the implementation of these two functions, but I will not discuss
the logic behind implementation of these two functions because its discussion will be out of the scope
of discourse.
So navigate to this directly.
That is library designing iterative macros and see the solution and treat Ötzi and treat attach.
In these files.
I have implemented a sample code to create a binary sastry and an iterative macro to walk over this
binary sastry using these two functions.
So now let us discuss in the next slide that how you will going to write an iterative macro provided
that you already have the implementation of these two functions.